hey Paula my name is Joel evil hearts
and today I'm gonna be sharing with you
a recipe for raspberry tarts with a
Philly cream cheese pastry so this is
really really fun and delicious so we're
gonna start by adding a tablespoon of
sugar and a teaspoon of salt and I
already have a couple of cups of flour
in here we're gonna add a whole cup of
butter and four ounces of cream cheese
this mix this together here and I have
to use man so I tried the pastry thing
but it just does not work the same so
we're just gonna mix this all up
together in here and this is a wonderful
pastry that you can take and freeze just
divide it up and freeze it makes all
sorts of great pastry for any kind of
pies any kind of tarts you can make
little cookies roll it out and make
cookies and put some jam or just fresh
fruit in it it's really really nice so
almost legs together it seems like a lot
of butter but it's not and a lot of
Philly cream cheese there's no no
moisture in here just the cream cheese
and the butter okay
getting all mixed up here it's nice to
have a pie crust you can throw in the
freezer and then just use whenever
you're ready almost done here
and then I like to make it in it always
looks so pretty to have individual
desserts and a little plate so I like to
make mine in muffin tin and then you can
serve them individually on plate for
your guests so as you can see it's just
holding together really nicely now so
that's exactly what we wanted to do okay
and then I take about a one-inch ball
and put it in the cookie sheet or the
little cupcake pan
okay and then I like to use this little
gadget and I dip into a little bit of
powdered sugar and I flatten it out and
move the dough around so that it comes
up on this side so this desert has filly
in the crust and Philadelphia Cream
Cheese in the filling so this is a
wonderful Philadelphia Cream Cheese
recipe and then you just keep doing this
get it all stretched out you can see
goes up on the side they can go up as
far as you can and then make sure that
you poke a fork because whenever you
start making pie crust in the oven that
you're gonna fill it really need to make
sure that you poke the bottom with a
fork so I'm gonna finish making these
and I'm gonna stick them in the oven we
bake them at 400 for about oh about
forty or fifteen minutes and then I will
be back with you and show you how to
fill them see in a few minutes
welcome back girls so here comes the fun
part so I've made my pastry with the
Philadelphia Cream Cheese and then I
baked them for about 15 minutes in the
oven and then I let them cool probably
five minutes in the refrigerator so they
get kind of a look so you can get them
out of pan easier and then I love to
sprinkle them with powdered sugar you
never get too much sugar so now comes
the fun part
so in this bag here I have eight ounces
of cream cheese beat with a cup of sugar
and some overly two cups of cool whip
and a cup of sour cream so this is a
wonderful mixture it again I like to put
stuff in bags because it makes it so
much easier to get in the tart without
getting everywhere so I've got my little
mixture in here is so good it's really
good on a nice hot summer day and out
here in the northwest we have lots of
fresh fruit so they really
you do this with any kind of fruit I
chose raspberries because a lover
aspiration we're getting some in now but
they're really really good at peaches
and blueberries and of course our Marian
berries and strawberries that we have
here so okay so I got on all filled and
then I like to put my raspberry pie
filling you can use any time that you
like you can make your own or you can
buy it in a can
I like to buy mine in a cake store and
it's really really good and it has a
nice thickness about it and then you can
kind of just decorate them individually
you go around the edges or go in the
middle or squiggle all over and they are
really beautiful
okay and then of course we have to add a
fresh raspberry
your guests are going to love these and
they're really really refreshing it's a
nice wonderful dessert when it's nice
and hot out but sometimes you don't want
something really heavy when it's hot out
so it's more refreshing a little bit of
your kind of little tiny hole in the
bacon just squeeze some raspberry
filling on their plate and they just
look beautiful they look good enough to
eat I think so like I said you can use
any kind of fruit using what ever since
season because it's usually has a better
flavor and fresher taste to it so I may
just have to have with our wonderful
strawberry tarts with our filling cream
pastry that is so good so fresh see you
next week girls